content/docs/(root)/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Installation
description: Learn what AGW Reusables is and how to install it.
---

## Introduction

AGW Reusables is a collection of components and utilities for building applications on [Abstract](https://abs.xyz).
It allows you to add features, components, and utilities to your application using single commands,
with only one requirement: **your app must use [Next.js <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 180 180" width="18" className="inline ml-1"><mask height="180" id="nextjs-mask" maskUnits="userSpaceOnUse" width="180" x="0" y="0" style={{maskType: 'alpha'}}><circle cx="90" cy="90" fill="black" r="90"></circle></mask><g mask="url(#nextjs-mask)"><circle cx="90" cy="90" fill="black" r="90"></circle><path d="M149.508 157.52L69.142 54H54V125.97H66.1136V69.3836L139.999 164.845C143.333 162.614 146.509 160.165 149.508 157.52Z" fill="url(#nextjs-paint0)"></path><rect fill="url(#nextjs-paint1)" height="72" width="12" x="115" y="54"></rect></g><defs><linearGradient gradientUnits="userSpaceOnUse" id="nextjs-paint0" x1="109" x2="144.5" y1="116.5" y2="160.5"><stop stopColor="white"></stop><stop offset="1" stopColor="white" stopOpacity="0"></stop></linearGradient><linearGradient gradientUnits="userSpaceOnUse" id="nextjs-paint1" x1="121" x2="120.799" y1="54" y2="106.875"><stop stopColor="white"></stop><stop offset="1" stopColor="white" stopOpacity="0"></stop></linearGradient></defs></svg>](https://nextjs.org/docs)**.

Built on top of the [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) library, AGW Reusables uses the [shadcn CLI](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/cli) to add snippets of code to your project and install any required dependencies to use them.

## Get Started

Follow the steps below to start using AGW Reusables.

### Setup your project

Create a new project or configure an existing one using the `shadcn init` command:

```bash
npx shadcn@latest init
```

### Install the AGW Provider

Install the required wrapper component, the [AGW Provider](/docs/essentials/agw-provider):

```bash
npx shadcn@latest add "https://agw-reusables.vercel.app/r/agw-provider.json"
```

### Wrap your application

Wrap your application in the installed component inside `app/layout.tsx` _(we also add the [Toaster component](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/sonner) for helpful success and error messages)_.

```tsx title="app/layout.tsx" showLineNumbers {1,2,7,10,12}
import { NextAbstractWalletProvider } from "@/components/agw-provider";
import { Toaster } from "@/components/ui/sonner";

export default function RootLayout({ children }: { children: React.ReactNode }) {
  return (
    <html lang="en">
      <NextAbstractWalletProvider>
        <body>
          {children}
          <Toaster />
        </body>
      </NextAbstractWalletProvider>
    </html>
  );
}
```

Commit message:

Include video on the homepage

content/docs/(root)/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Installation
description: Learn what AGW Reusables is and how to install it.
---

import HeroVideoDialog from "@/components/magicui/hero-video-dialog";

## Introduction

AGW Reusables is a collection of components and utilities for building applications on [Abstract](https://abs.xyz).
It allows you to add features, components, and utilities to your application using single commands,
with only one requirement: **your app must use [Next.js <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 180 180" width="18" className="inline ml-1"><mask height="180" id="nextjs-mask" maskUnits="userSpaceOnUse" width="180" x="0" y="0" style={{maskType: 'alpha'}}><circle cx="90" cy="90" fill="black" r="90"></circle></mask><g mask="url(#nextjs-mask)"><circle cx="90" cy="90" fill="black" r="90"></circle><path d="M149.508 157.52L69.142 54H54V125.97H66.1136V69.3836L139.999 164.845C143.333 162.614 146.509 160.165 149.508 157.52Z" fill="url(#nextjs-paint0)"></path><rect fill="url(#nextjs-paint1)" height="72" width="12" x="115" y="54"></rect></g><defs><linearGradient gradientUnits="userSpaceOnUse" id="nextjs-paint0" x1="109" x2="144.5" y1="116.5" y2="160.5"><stop stopColor="white"></stop><stop offset="1" stopColor="white" stopOpacity="0"></stop></linearGradient><linearGradient gradientUnits="userSpaceOnUse" id="nextjs-paint1" x1="121" x2="120.799" y1="54" y2="106.875"><stop stopColor="white"></stop><stop offset="1" stopColor="white" stopOpacity="0"></stop></linearGradient></defs></svg>](https://nextjs.org/docs)**.

Built on top of the [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) library, AGW Reusables uses the [shadcn CLI](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/cli) to add snippets of code to your project and install any required dependencies to use them.


Watch the demo video below for an overview and a guide to getting started.

<HeroVideoDialog
  className="my-8"
  animationStyle="from-center"
  videoSrc="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Yz7zhuhuVRE"
  thumbnailSrc="/agw-ui-thumb.png"
  thumbnailAlt="AGW Reusables Demo Video"
/>


## Get Started

Follow the steps below to start using AGW Reusables.

### Setup your project

Create a new project or configure an existing one using the `shadcn init` command:

```bash
npx shadcn@latest init
```

### Install the AGW Provider

Install the required wrapper component, the [AGW Provider](/docs/essentials/agw-provider):

```bash
npx shadcn@latest add "https://agw-reusables.vercel.app/r/agw-provider.json"
```

### Wrap your application

Wrap your application in the installed component inside `app/layout.tsx` _(we also add the [Toaster component](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/components/sonner) for helpful success and error messages)_.

```tsx title="app/layout.tsx" showLineNumbers {1,2,7,10,12}
import { NextAbstractWalletProvider } from "@/components/agw-provider";
import { Toaster } from "@/components/ui/sonner";

export default function RootLayout({ children }: { children: React.ReactNode }) {
  return (
    <html lang="en">
      <NextAbstractWalletProvider>
        <body>
          {children}
          <Toaster />
        </body>
      </NextAbstractWalletProvider>
    </html>
  );
}
```
